the AAE guys twitter beauty who's
talking here is mario games and we are
back in the video and today I have
a galera there is making this video me
I wanted to do it because I can fly
Good folks, what I see with
watching the video is stealing the
airship is a challenge where you
steal the airship and as I am a
great pilot great great a great
pilot or helicopter pilot who
sensationally the best captain
hamilton
I'll show you how to land on
first on the airship and then you will
talk I 'm a good pilot or not good
As you can see I'm already here for
above the airship in malice in the soft
and that let's let's first otto
first in first in falling oppose
uneven afonjâ
ae and now not that the high wheel of forró
It's late afternoon, it could not land.
third now was to enjoy the room
11 balanced level not with the crossbar
I used to go there and it was there at night.
and will now will now fall
rap is that when the fuck is not there
there is
now I will use the zé will make pose of
side, nor how many attempts
marker 20 tries plus one plus one
one more new one now, now let's go
there we go in malice in malice in
malice
She ends up dancing my brother here is
A lot of dancer is going to celebrate with me.
airplane is not dancing guy and I do not know
that I 'm talking support alliances of the
Helicopter same guys I following is the
day cleared and I'm here, how are you?
seeing on the airship by pressing
triangle to enter as we do
think of vehicles and not enter
I do not want to work, what I
I think the following is the galley that
got into the airship
probably has the blimp dlc
I think I'm not saying this.
people
I just think that's what happens
because I already rode I walked over
this absurd airship that I
could do to try to get in go walk
well on the dot here or on the yellow
here o
if the thing is missing here triangle and
It's not working, so I really understood.
I do not know if this is really happening
they will tell you in the comments there the galera
who did not buy the dlc from the airship
guys who did not buy the dlc from
airship not with
It makes it very clear if you can get in.
it's silly I am weighing all
buttons provided for some other is to see if
I succeeded to enter
Good, I could not get into
I'll be forced to come here.
in Asia give a go give a confere here
connect the things you know how
that I am I am a person of God one
person who does not like to do
other right that likes to see everyone
always happy always cheerful and how not
I could have managed then he will have
what it deserves takes takes is not good
now including those of the skin that is that
send this good Valec ii to flood the such
driving a pretty taboado
beautiful in havana time the flight o
galeras the video version of your book
favorite helped me in the disclosure I was
well say it there